if you just tuned in we're talking to
Sleepless in Seattle you call the radio
station Christmas Eve you phones in one
of those radio call-in shows he tells
them that his dad needs a new wife and
the shrink get practically forces the
guy on the phone and says tell me what
was so special about your wife well it
was like Sleepless in Seattle
that's what you call them on the show
because he can't sleep and now mm well
iguanas over here she listens yeah
you're the most attractive man I ever
laid the guy could be a crackhead
actually he sounded nice you know it's
easy to be killed by terrorists than it
is to get married over the age that's
not true that statistic is not true
that's right it's not trouble but it
feels true sandy has a girlfriend Glenda
she's a weightlifter
it's not like our neck is bigger than
their head no no no no I'm not asking
you to set me up what about Walter
Walter and I are engaged
[Music]
when's the last time you were out there
Jimmy Carter 1978 things are a little
different I'm having all of these
fantasies about some man I have never
even met
rains nine months of the year in Seattle
aramis suit what is tiramisu no thank
you
some woman is gonna want me to do it or
die my gonna know what it is love it
what if I never meet him what if this
man is my destiny and I never meet him
the destiny can be a door to me yeah
read this read this where is here right
where's Baltimore what I really don't
want to do is end up always wondering
what might have happened and knowing I
could have done something this is crazy
that's why I'm trying to tell you what
women are looking for thanks in the cube
but there is no way that we are going on
a plane to meet someone who could be a
crazy sick lunatic
did you see fatal attraction
you can even turn on the news nowadays
without hearing about how some babe
thought some guy's butt was cute so
Billy yeah is it kid
you're grading on a curve
you